---
layout: post
title: Counselling FAQ
date: 2013-05-06 15:27:31
---

This website will show you don't have to struggle with your difficulties alone.
That there is hope, and there are options out there to help you in your life ...


{{ more }}

### What is Counselling?

Counselling offers you a safe space to explore problems you may have. These problems may come from the past or be going on right now. I hope to provide you with a safe place to look at the issues that are stopping you from living your life the way you want to. I will not judge you on anything you say. I will not give advice either. It is not my place to do these things. You will have made the trouble of coming to counselling to speak about these difficult issues and I will be respectful of that.


You can talk about your issues as much or as little as you want to. I will not force you to speak about issues that you currently find too painful or difficult. It is your counselling hour. The pace of the work done in that hour is completely up to you. Perhaps, as counselling progresses, you may find yourself strong enough to tackle these painful issues. This is entirely in your hands. I strongly believe that you get out of counselling what you put in. Sometimes people find they benefit from just a few sessions, while for others it can take longer. It’s different for every person as we all work through our difficulties in our own way. Most of these issues require us working together to address them.

### How much does it cost?

The initial consultation is free. It will give us both a chance to meet without fear of having to pay money. After that the fee is €50 per session. I can provide low cost counselling to the unwaged and to students. If we cannot agree on a payment plan, I would be happy to refer you to a low cost counselling service that I trust.

### How can it help me?

Counselling can help you look at or work through issues that you have been struggling with in your present life. Talking through these issues with me can help you tackle them with the support you may need. Sometimes it can just be helpful to talk about your problems to someone supportive who has no connection to your personal life. Discussing your issues can open doors to solutions you never knew were there before. Example? Talking about and experiencing the emotions surrounding your difficulties can help you understand and manage them better. Everything we talk about is done in a private and confidential setting. I will create a safe environment for you to be yourself and express yourself on the issues that are troubling you. Photos of Counselling Room? This will help you reach a position to tackle the issues and bring about effective, change in your life where possible.
